The train will stop beyond this point
Oh, found it. There's one in exactly two weeks.
Two weeks...
I have to somehow finish the whole thing in two weeks?
A railway special warning is in effect!
5/1 (Tues) ~ 5/31 (Thurs)
Bringing dangerous objects to the station and train is prohibited. For the safety of our passengers, we may ask to see inside of your belongings. Thank you for understanding.
Security is patrolling the area
If you find anyone or anything suspicious... Please report it to a crewmember!
If you find anything suspicious
Don't touch!  Don't smell!  Don't move!
There's a groper!!!
You will not escape! Molestation is a crime!
If you encounter a groper at the station or train, please contact a train attendant, conductor, security guard, or a police officer.
It takes me a long time to make clothes for hina dolls.
Meaning an outfit for a person would take twice—no, it'd take even longer!
Handmade Hobby Shop Yuzawaya
This is the first time I'm making one,
so I don't even know if making it in two weeks is actually possible.
If... If I don't make it in time...
I'll end up disappointing Kitagawa-san, when she's really looking forward to this.
Anyway, as soon as I get home, I'll make the patterns, then start cutting...
How long does the cutting take?
I'm not dealing with parts that I can just cut in straight lines, like a kimono.
Will I even be done in two or three days?
It's no use. There's not enough time.
I feel like I'm losing my mind...
"Slippery Girls" had started to violate Wakana.
Episode 4
Are These Your Girlfriend's?
I'm home.
Hey, welcome back.
You're home pretty late today.
Oh, sorry. I forgot to call you.
Handmade Hobby Shop Yuzawaya
I was out shopping with a friend.
With a friend? I see, I see!
So, what did you buy?
A CD? Maybe some books?
Huh?
Lovely Legs Stockings
Huh? Gramps?!
Wacchan!
Miori-neechan... Sorry to call you over here.
It's fine. How's Grandpa?
They're putting a compress on him right now.
I see.
Thankfully, he didn't hit a really bad spot.
We'll get you some painkillers.
Please take care.
Sorry for the trouble. Thanks for everything.
Gramps!
Hey.
For crying out loud, Grandpa!
Hey, Miori. What're you doing here?
Take your time.
Don't give me that!
I was really worried!
Nurses' Station
You need to stay in bed for two weeks, don't you?
Dad wanted you to stay at our place until you get better.
That's why I came to get you.
Why not take them up on that? Uncle's house is closer to the hospital, too.
Plus, we have a car.
I see. I hope I'm not gonna be a burden.
Wacchan, you should spend the night at our place, too.
We'll put out a futon for you.
Okay.
I'll bring by some spare clothes tomorrow.
Thanks, and sorry about this. Also...
Bring me my brushes.
Huh?
Okay.
Maybe we should take you to an acupuncturist, too.
Yeah... Ow... Are you okay?
All this shaking's got me shook up.
Oh, come on.
I see. So that's why you weren't at school yesterday.
Yes.
I'll be stopping by my cousin's place again today to see how he's doing.
You must be really worried.
I hope your grandpa feels better soon.
Yes...
Gojo-kun, let me know if there's anything I can help you with.
Believe it or not, I can cook and stuff.
Kitagawa-san...
Thank you very much.
I'll be fine, though.
I-I see.
Oh, hey. Let's exchange contact info.
It'd be best if we can reach each other if something happens.
Right?
Sure.
I wasn't able to work on the outfit yesterday or the day before.
I need to today, even just a little.
Oh, yeah! The wig's been cut, so I brought it to give to you.
Gojo-kun?
Oh, sorry.
Man, midterms are next week.
Talk about exhausting.
Not to mention, I'm the type that just crams the night before.
I-I totally forgot... That's right... We have tests!
Are you the type that always studies, Gojo-kun?
Midterm Testing Schedule
Date    Period       Time             1st Year           2nd Year         3rd Year
Day 1 5/22 Day 2 5/23 Day 3 5/24 Day 4 5/25
9:00~9:50 Arithmetic | Modern Lit B | Classics B 10:05~10:55 Basic Biology | Chemistry | Advanced Math 11:10~12:00 Health | English Expressions II | Biology 9:00~9:50 Basic Chemistry | Biology | Chemistry 10:05~10:55 Society & Information | English Comm. II | Japanese History B 11:10~12:00 Comprehensive Japanese | Arithmetic B | Politics & Economics 9:00~9:50 Arithmetic A | World History B | Geography B 10:05~10:55 Modern Social Studies | Japanese History B | Reading 11:10~12:00 English Expressions I | Classics B | Writing 9:00~9:50 World History A | Arithmetic II | World History B 10:05~10:55 English Comm. I | Geography B | Modern Lit B 11:10~12:00 Basic Home Ec | Society & Information | English Comm. II
Between visiting Gramps and studying for tests...
I have to find time for making her outfit.
Gojo-kun?
You okay?
Er, yes!
Sorry.
I think... I might be in trouble.
Hello, you've reached Gojo Dolls.
A tour of our workshop?
Yes, I heard you offer tours... Er, yes. We do.
Oh, thank goodness!
My friend is very interested in hina dolls and mentioned that he wanted to see them.
When would you like to come by?
Um... Is there any way we could do it tomorrow?
Tomorrow?!
Oh, I'm terribly sorry. We're actually closed from tomorrow to Saturday.
If it's any time after that... Oh, I see.
My friend is actually visiting from France and is going home the day after tomorrow.
So tomorrow was the only day.
Sorry to bother you. Thank you for your time—
Um! Actually, tomorrow will be fine!
Huh?
If you're all right with me doing it, I can give you a tour after 4:30 PM.
Are you sure?! Thank you so much!
Yes. Okay.
I'll see you tomorrow.
What should I do?
What should I do? What should I do? What should I do?
What should I do?!
What should I do?
World History A English Communication Basic Home Economics
All right, pencils down.
Hell, yeah!
We're done!
I'll go ahead and finish the apron and headdress first...
Marin! How'd it go?
Huh? Hm... Not bad?
What's up?
Wakana Gojo Free from work
I'm thinking about heading to your place now All done
Did you have dinner yet??
Hm...
I thought he'd be at his place at night...
but it doesn't look like it.
Maybe since our tests are over, he might be with his Gramps and finally relaxing.
I wonder... if Gojo-kun is okay.
Stamina Beef Bowl
I guess I'll eat this all by my lonesome.
My head hurts.
I feel sick, like I'm gonna throw up.
I can't focus on anything.
I haven't been able to sleep properly for a while now.
The outfit... isn't done at all.
Kitagawa-san was so excited for it, too...
She'll probably be really sad.
Bring me my brushes.
Why are you bringing brushes on your trip?
Hm?
If I don't keep these hands moving every day, I'm gonna get rusty.
If I skip even a day, it takes another three days to get the hang of it again.
I can't even use them properly yet...
How long has it been since I've touched them?
Maybe I'm just not cut out for it.
Loving something doesn't mean you're any good at it.
There's no guarantee that all your hard work will pay off.
What am I going to do if I can't become a kashirashi?
And I'm not going to have the outfit done on time.
Why can't I do this properly?
Why am I such a failure?
I... I just... totally half-ass everything.
Handmade Hobby Shop Yuzawaya
Gramps.
Hm?
Isn't it really hard making hina dolls every day?
Don't you get sick of doing it?
Well, you're right, it's really hard.
Loving something doesn't mean have a knack for it.
Then again...
It's also because you love something that you can tough it out when things get rough.
Whenever I see our customers smile, I'm always grateful that I decided to do this.
Look.
It's because you want to make someone happy that you can keep going, even when it's hard.
Gojo-kun...
Thanks.
I think that's fine.
It's important to have things you refuse to compromise on.
Hell, yeah! I wonder where I should wear the cosplay once it's done.
I'm so glad you came with me, Gojo-kun.
Thanks!
Scissors... My scissors... Where'd I put them again?
5/26 Saturday Wakana Gojo It's finished.
Wakana Gojo I'm going to sleep.
No way...
It was extremely close, but I made it in time.
Now you can go to your event.
Gojo-kun, wait...
You actually thought I was going to cosplay at today's event?
Huh?! Y-You're not?!
I...
had absolutely no idea how long it takes to make clothes...
And there are actually quite a few cosplay events if you search for them.
I was gonna just wait until you were finished...
I'm so sorry!
You totally got the wrong idea because I wasn't clear...
Oh...
Thank goodness!
Huh?
I was so anxious about not finishing that I didn't know what to do.
So there's still time.
Thank goodness... Truly.
K-K-Kitagawa-san?!
I...
Every time you went home right after school to study during our tests,
I thought you were just visiting your grandpa...
You've been going through so much...
I had no idea you already finished...
I'm sorry... I just...
I had no idea...
Gojo-kun, I'm sorry...
I'm so sorry!
I-I'm also sorry for carrying on this project without telling you.
We even exchanged numbers... I should've discussed this with you.
No, I'm sorry. I'm so sorry! Really!
Um... I... Er...
Why don't you try it on? Now's the perfect time.
Huh?
I'll have you wear it so I can see if there are any parts that need taking in.
I know! I'd love to see if everything looks together,
so let's have you put on your wig and do your makeup.
But, Gojo-kun... You're exhausted.
Kitagawa-san.
You want to become Shizuku-tan, right?
Yeah, 'course I do... Then you should put it on.
I'm happy that it's done,
so as long as you're happy with it, that's all I can really ask for.
Er... Are you unhappy?
Of course I'm happy!
I'm so happy... Thank you. Thank you so much, Gojo-kun.
Sure.
Thank you... I'll wear the hell out of it.
Really, thank you so much, Gojo-kun.
Sure.
Did it stop?
I think I'm okay now.
It's finished.
Were you able to get your makeup off?
Yup.
In that case...
We'll draw your brows down for droopy eyes.
The eyeshadow should be red.
Your blush should be right underneath,
and to make your eyes stand out more, your lips should be a neutral color.
That said, we're going to have to make everything pretty thick
so that it stands up to the outfit.
So like sick girl makeup.
Sick?
First, you stretch out the eye tape...
Then, place the tape where you want your double eyelid.
I see.
So you can even change the shape of your eyelids.
I have some eye tape.
Really?
I bought it because I really wanted double-eyelids, but ended up never using it.
Oh, false lashes are a great idea, too!
Even with almond-shaped eyes
The winged ones that are longer on the outer corners
Eyelashes that are longer on the corner of your eye
can also make your eyes look a bit droopy.
Put them on slightly droopy
Then you can really look like Shizuku-tan!
Droopy eyes!!
I don't have any false eyelashes, though.
I tried using them once, and I just couldn't.
Don't worry. I have some.
Huh?
Gorgeous Winged Lashes Luxurious False Eyelashes
Elegant & Beautiful Chic Eyelashes Girly Flair
Soft Winged Lashes (Chic)
There are a few styles here.
Perfect. There are some winged ones, too.
Kitagawa-san?
Are these your girlfriend's?
No! Some hina dolls have eyelashes nowadays,
so I bought these to try them out.
Like her.
Oh, whoa!
She's so cute! Hina dolls look like this now?
I would've been psyched if someone had bought me one like this.
And her kimono's got roses on it.
Some even have pink or orange lipstick nowadays.
Some wear blush...
Some of them even have brown highlights in their black hair
and there are blonde ones, too.
Wow, she's adorbs. And I bet she's a gyaru.
I still can't tell myself, but apparently people like my grandpa
can tell who drew the faces just by looking at their eyebrows.
Whoa!
But if you saw hina dolls like this, you can instantly tell who made them.
I hope...
I hope that I'll be able to make hina dolls like this someday, too.
I-I'm sorry! That's not important right now!
You will be.
If anyone can do it, it's you, Gojo-kun.
I just know it.
Thank you very much.
I guess that's how you look when you actually smile, huh?
Huh?!
I think that's the first time I've seen you smile like that.
Wh-Wha... Huh?
R-R-Really?
Yup.
Huh... Er, what do you want to do for your eyebrows?
Shizuku-tan's eyebrows aren't shaped like yours, so we'd have to get rid of them...
Hm...
Well, they'll grow back, so I'll just shave 'em off.
No hesitation!
Um, Gojo-kun?
I put it on.
Gojo-kun...
Do I... actually look like Shizuku-tan?
Yes! You're the perfect Shizuku-tan, Kitagawa-san!
Right? I know, right? Right?!
Gojo-kun, you're awesome! I'm totally Shizuku-tan right now!
Yes!
You're totally Shizuku-tan right now!
Episode 5
Probably Because It's the Best Boob Bag Here Next time!